girls hello today i want
tell you about the new blogger in
our yutubovskoy little family is Dasha
she is a young mommy i have a very wife
many different videos and about pregnancy
and about hairstyles and baking and in the log then
There is generally everything about everything and any
age so go to her channel i
I hope that you will be interested, yes, I
I 'm sure that you will be interested
see the video link will be in
description
girls all big hello today
I decided to write this well as we say in
forehead small as I paint my hair and
I have 2 basmas here 1 henna
further we need to add approximately
a tablespoon of coffee on the eye
add and then we fill it all
boiling water pour in principle more or less
first by eye and then by as
it's all with us
stirred we will add more
I will stir the water
so here
brush of course substance i would say
and not very nice i will drive but you know
I can tell what staining is she
very useful meaning it channels
accelerates hair growth protects against dandruff
Basma is the same that is all this
natural ingredients and coffee we
add more color
chocolate stir here and I see here
what else do I need well just a little to
the substance itself was still a little bit more
liquid to make it easier for the carrier to
the hair is like this
we stir cover with a plate
any or
the lid just better is not important and
leave for about 15-20 minutes to
let's say our paint is worn out
camera over some kind of green tint
attack on more paint itself more
marsh smells nice way that is
the smell is not nasty so there is no
such on those he fashion smell like from
many colors so on this one
smell say so few who may be
allergy here but in principle it's all we
right now we leave steaming and when
it's all for the police you
we basically made this potion
she looks certainly very nice
but no matter the color will be very
beautiful and so now i will be all
apply the same brush
of course it is advisable to work in gloves
because it doesn’t leave them on and
Basma puts of course your small
palm shade will be slightly different
the color is the problem itself what is under
nails will remain the temple well it's me
I think anything bad can be by yourself
packages so not very serious further all
this is where you want
under the mastic under the cap and I dress
top of an old hat on a young man
wear a hat and so go out for two hours if
we want so saturated beautiful
shade if we want a little
you can sit for an hour
but